PRIVACY POLICY 

K Rodriguez respects the privacy of its Users, in particular their rights regarding the automatic processing of personal data.
We have therefore formulated and implemented a policy on complete transparency with our customers with regard to the processing of personal data,
its purpose(s) and the possibilities to exercise your legal rights in the best possible way.

If you require any additional information about the protection of personal data, please visit the website of the Dutch Data Protection Authority
(Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens): https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl.

Article 1 - Legal definition
Party responsible for processing personal data (hereinafter: "the controller"): K Rodriguez,
residing at Landstrekenlaan, 5235LJ Maaspoort, The Netherlands.

Article 2 - The processing of personal data
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’).

An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name,
an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

We process the following categories of personal data from you:
	- Livestream chat messages 

Article 3 - Purpose of processing
We do not collect your personal information without a purpose. Your personal data are processed for:
	- Showing the livestream chat messages on screen

Article 4 - Registration of personal data
Your personal data will not be recorded or stored in any way or capacity by us, it will be stored locally on your system.

Article 5 - Your rights regarding information
Pursuant to Article 13 paragraph 2 sub b GDPR each data subject has the right to information on and access to, rectification,
erasure and restriction of processing of his personal data, as well as the right to object to the processing and the right to data portability.
You can exercise these rights by contacting us at kees.rodriguez@gmail.com.

Each request must be accompanied by a copy of a valid ID, on which you put your signature and state the address where we can contact you.
Within one month of the submitted request, you will receive an answer from us.

Depending on the complexity and the number of the requests this period may be extended to two months.

Article 6 - Legal obligations
In case of infringement of any law or regulation, of which a visitor is suspected and for which the authorities
require the personal data collected by the collector, they will be provided to them after an explicit and reasoned
request of those authorities, after which these personal data do not fall anymore under the protection of the provisions of this Privacy policy.

Article 7 - Commercial offers
You will not receive any commercial offers from the collector.
Your personal data will not be used by anyone.

Article 8 - Data retention
The collector will not use or retain any of your personal data.

Article 9 - Applicable Law
These conditions are governed by Dutch law. The court in the district where the collector has its residency has the sole jurisdiction
if any dispute regarding these conditions may arise, save when a legal exception applies.

Article 10 - Contact
For requests, questions, product information or more information, please contact: Kees Rodriguez, kees.rodriguez@gmail.com.

This privacy statement applies from 01 january 2022 on until further notice.
